nanny and Nikki go totally wild hello
everyone I'd rather lad and this is the
conservation cruiser just two weeks ago
this bus was a shell rusty decrypted and
falling apart Danny and Nikki in the
morning have undertaken the challenge to
turn it into a conservation Cruiser
running the word across the schools of
Sussex about conservation and ways to
save our great planet let's take a look
around the first thing that will strike
you is the color of the bus jet black
thanks violet hope buses for that as you
can see it's a smooth finish and gives
the bus a distinctive look along with
the beautiful silver wheels which hi
myself had a hand in painting looking
good baby and of course this
transformation won't be able to happen
without our good friends at vaak thanks
walk thanks i'll show you some more
but that's enough about the outside
please
Oh
another important move our team is this
fella Neil bird he's a bus mechanic you
may have heard nude on the air of me a
little while ago trying to get the bus
started Neil how's it going fantastic
thanks go away Neil soon a great job
down here with the conservation cruiser
as of all our friends across sussex in
just a few short weeks this is going to
be transformed from hunk of junk to hunk
of love and learning
totally wild with helmets and port lamar
conservation cruiser a call from the
wild southern FM